Update reflects deprecation of PIC provisioning site (#2619)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Skype/SfbServer/deploy/deploy-skype-connectivity.md

**Does this change mean that Public IM federation is being deprecated?**
No. Public IM federation will continue to be supported for many years, probably until the Skype for Business on-premise product reaches end-of-life.

**Our company has a hybrid relationship (shared address space) with Skype for Business Online, are we affected?**
No, since you are already federating with Skype for Business Online, this change will not affect you.
 
**Does this change mean that our company has to enable federation with Skype for Business Online?**
No. If your edge server proxy settings do not enable federation with the Skype for Business Online hosting provider (sipfed.online.lync.com) then this change will not affect that. However, the same DNS and certificate requirements that apply to federating with Skype for Business Online now also apply to federating with Skype users.
 

> **Our company is large and cannot change its edge configuration due to regulatory/compliance/etc reasons … what can we do?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Our company is large and cannot change its edge configuration due to regulatory, compliance, or other reasons. What can we do?**
```
